Archer Smith  0:00  
All right, so my update for the day is I left the house at 730 it's like 1230 now, I went to a coffee shop, and so I'm trying to post all my artwork on Etsy, and it's like, literally, the most complicated thing. And so I found this schedule that were worked, and I had built all these tools. So this was something that I did, like two years ago, and then also all throughout the year, I was trying to do this thing called structural sage, where it was like my project management, and I used riff to try to set that up. But what I went there this morning was to go through each of the true north typology steps, because I need to build that for my own and it's like, sort of the game plan is, I don't know. First of all. The good news is that made me sort of excited about automation and marketing, because it's like this thing that is this albatross for me that I could potentially help other people for, and it kind of flows into the true north typology stuff, which is kind of cool, but I didn't finish that. And then I also, I don't know it's like this week of actually making, like, all this like progress and getting things done. And then, you know, I've all I do is lament about how I want to, like, write and, like, do the studio stuff. And yesterday it was, I asked I have a project, and dad about, anyway, like, I've made huge headways. And so now it's like, how do I piece this together? Like, what sort of like team do I need? You know, I interviewed somebody for the Etsy position, and she made, you know, she wanted to charge me, like $50 per post, and then it's like, no, but I have a software for that. I'm laughing because it's ridiculous, but I don't know right now, November is totally dedicated to systemization, so that in January I can like rock and roll, so I don't know. I think I just need to go home, get a sandwich, go run my bike and then try to get through, if possible, some of the lessons in true north typology. So essentially, what that's going to be is taking the coda, my final prompts that I have, and sort of designing a worksheet structure like, this is what you do here, and this is what you do here, and this is what you do here, and get that done, and then go through that with story unstuck. And story unstuck is a good example. And then the other thing that I need to do is update the prompt creative. I basically need to rebrand prompt creative, not too much, but I think the visuals, because I've got my etsy store, and so it's the parent company, and I have that on my website, but I just think it needs something different. And I did, I do, I did notice that I can link Canva and chat GPT, so I don't know. So those, those are the things, and then the notion project, I don't know how much time I'm going to spend on that. I might try that in reply it and see how it goes, because it would be easy. I just have to pull the API keys and write the scope so it wouldn't be that big of a deal. Yeah. Like, this is, this is exciting. I've been using guide inside, and I've had two dreams from the departed the last two nights. I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
